Graphical abstract and sequence features figure (#21)
greenelab/biopriors-review: content/06.other-models.md

However, a follow-up paper by the same authors [@doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btz595] showed that this hierarchy-aware approach can be outperformed by a hierarchy-naive CNN, which uses only amino acid sequence and similarity to labeled training set proteins.
This suggests a tradeoff between interpretability and predictive accuracy for protein function prediction.

> ![One approach to incorporating directed graph-structured data (such as an ontology or phylogenetic tree) into machine learning models is to use it to inform the structure of a neural network. Here, the connections in the neural network used to predict a set of labels parallel those in the tree graph. This type of constraint can also be useful in model interpretation: for example, if the red-shaded nodes have high neuron outputs for a given sample, then the subsystem encoded in the red-shaded part of the tree graph is most likely important in making predictions for that sample.](images/ontology_models.svg){#fig:ontology_models .white}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Directed graph-structured data, such as an ontology or phylogenetic tree can be incorporated into machine learning models. Here, the connections in the neural network used to predict a set of labels parallel those in the tree graph. This type of constraint can also be useful in model interpretation: for example, if the red-shaded nodes have high neuron outputs for a given sample, then the subsystem encoded in the red-shaded part of the tree graph is most likely important in making predictions for that sample.](images/ontology_models.svg){#fig:ontology_models .white}
```
